The Keymaster cautiously stepped towards the entrance of The Infinite Library, accompanied by the King of Normality - who promised to serve as a representative for The Keymaster to The Storyteller. “I have yet to know what The Storyteller’s intentions are, but it’s surely not pretty.” The Keymaster said.
“I guess it will remain a mystery. In my humble opinion, I think he is very wicked, but I still treat him as a friend. After all, I have to admit that his stories are very interesting. I could listen to his stories for weeks!” the King Of Normality replied.
“Frankly, I think you’ve become obsessed with him.”

The two deities opened the large old door, with a yawning creak! As soon as they reached the central library, an overwhelming aroma of old books filled their senses. A great, majestic hall awaited, connected to corridors and staircases between one floor to another. Bookshelves stacked high like oppressive, indestructible walls, leaving little to no space for the actual ones. Wood comprised most of the structures, from the cabinets to the doors to the windows. An otherworldly sensation was exuded by the anomalous windows of warped space, displaying different sceneries from one to another. A sunrise at the countryside, blue horizon of the ocean, twilight at a certain city, and deep night somewhere else. However, all these pleasantries were nothing but illusions. Only a fool would be fooled by the sweet lies, but the thought of the outside world; an escape from the endless liminal nightmare, is certainly something that has lulled many minds.

“Come in,” a voice responded, echoing from the depth of the library.
The Keymaster and the King of Normality looked to each-other, then back towards the expanse that lay before them, as they ventured deeper into the sea of books. Eventually, they came upon a clearing. In the center, an enormous robed figure sat upon a chair, rising tall like a tower above them. The Storyteller seemed to have already been waiting for them, as if expecting them to arrive. The Keymaster had to crane his neck to look up at the being, and even then he strained to see the very top. “Excuse me, but would you perhaps mind lowering yourself for me?” he asked, albeit in a slightly miffed fashion.
“Gladly,” the Storyteller said amusedly. His figure shifted, twisting into a swirling pitch black silhouette, before reforming in a much humble image: An aged man with empty eyes, as if blind despite his lucid awareness of his surroundings.
“Interesting…” The Keymaster commented, stroking his chin with a single hand.
“I thought that you’d assume a more formal gesture,” the King of Normality said.
“Not for a friend,” answered the Storyteller. “Care for afternoon tea?” he offered as he raised his hand, causing a storm of papers as wind blew through the room. The room shifted in a blink of an eye, bringing the three deities to a pleasant living room befitting of an old manor.
“This is not the afternoon,” the King of Normality deadpanned.
“It is now,” said the old man as he snapped his fingers, and the windows shifted, displaying the view of a beautiful garden that glimmered in the afternoon sun.
“Very well then, it would be my pleasure.” The Keymaster approached the round table and was about to pull the chair, but the chair moved on its own, allowing the guests to sit. “Excuse me.” He cleared his throat as he sat down, and the rest also settled down. “Now then, I would like to ask whether you’re aware that everything is becoming increasingly chaotic; that the scales of existence are tipping; that perhaps, a calamity is looming upon us.” The Keymaster expressed with concern, everyone in the room listening and nodding quietly while the Storyteller brewed the tea.
“Why yes, of course…perhaps…” The Storyteller said with a chuckle.
“'Perhaps'?” The King asked back.
“Why, there are so many speculations flying around recently. So much news to document, and so many articles to write. Could anyone, even me, tell the truth among the rumors?” The Storyteller gave such a cryptic answer, almost as if avoiding the topic.
“This is not the time for riddles, Bookmaster…” the King sighed, his smile showing he enjoyed the storytelling anyway. He never grew tired of the way he narrated.
“It is not?” The Storyteller chuckled again as he poured the tea into each teacup. “Please,” he gestured to the tea, and his guests took their cup for a sip.
“Yes, the situation is concerning. I believe that you’re aware of it,” The Keymaster assumed.
“Perhaps,” Storyteller repeated the same answer while sipping the tea. “I admit that there are so many fascinating events going on, that I could hardly keep up…” The tone of the librarian shifted, darkening to something more sinister as he seemingly enjoyed the chaos. His true nature began to show as he grinned with his hands open, levitating one of the books and mentally opening its pages. “So many stories to tell, and so little time we have, right? Oh, so many wanderers struggle in such times, and powerful forces stir from here and there. Ambitions for power, the everlasting greed has brought many together.” He glanced at the Keymaster, who stared coldly.
“Frankly, I haven’t a clue what you are implying.”
“I know what you’re looking for. What you seek is the tale of all tales, the legend among myths, and one of the greatest mysteries of the Backrooms…” He dramatically paused before gently grasping the floating book, turning it around, showcasing a certain page to the other two. “The Crown of the Throne, the Alpha and the Omega… Some called it the Heart of the Void, sought by the Voidseeker, and bound by many powerful beings…” He paused again, sipping his tea and let his audience digest the story, making them wonder for a moment.
“Who is this ‘Voidseeker’?” the King asked.
“Oh, just a problematic cult. Moreover, I’m surprised that you’re surprised…” The Storyteller glanced at The Keymaster with his dull, empty eyes. “You hold one of the five treasures, am I wrong? After all, who else could it be, if it’s not you?” he said with such a sarcastic tone. The Keymaster sighed, taking another sip of the tea before looking back at the Storyteller.
“I could accuse you of the same as well. Either you, or your twin, the Historian…” he responded, prompting laughter from the Storyteller.
“We’re not related!” He could barely hold his laughter, clearly amused.
The Storyteller’s attention then seemed to shift elsewhere, as he sensed the presence of another being. “Ah, the mail must be here,” he mused, as the figure of The Mail Carrier then entered the space. Giving a slight bow, the tall entity swiftly placed a neatly folded envelope in front of the Storyteller. It then lowered itself to whisper something in Storyteller's ear, taking a seat next to him afterwards. The Keymaster and King of Normality were visually confused, exchanging glances as they eyed the envelope. "Well, well. What do we have here?" The Storyteller questioned, taking his time to open the envelope with care. Something that seemed to be a letter was within the envelope, covered in the light scent of lavender that filled the room. The Keymaster changed his priority, examining The Mail Carrier for the first time. It wore a butler outfit, showing signs of courtesy in all of its actions. The Mail Carrier's height was a little intimidating, but there was no doubt that it was polite. King noticed The Keymaster staring, and saw The Mail Carrier trying to ignore his intense gaze. King sighed, resting his elbow on the table. "So, Deliveryman, has anything interesting happened since the last time we met?" the King asked, unable to withstand the mildly uncomfortable situation.
"Ah, yes. There have been a few interesting events that occurred. Would you like to hear some?" Carrier asked, looking King in the eyes to thank him for the change of topic. Just as King was about to reply, a few books flew past him, an inch away from slamming into him. The books ended up in the Storyteller's hand, who seemed to be invested with the contents of the letter.
"How interesting…" Storyteller mumbled, tracing his finger upon one of the books surrounding him. "You do understand this memoir contradicts with most of the information I have on that being, right? Tell me, Carrier. Where did you find this?"
Carrier glanced at the other deities. Keymaster was fiddling with a key, while King was looking at the two intently.
"That's… I don't really think that's something to discuss here, master," The Carrier replied.
"Yes, yes. You are correct. We have more important matters at hand." The Storyteller said as he slipped the letter into one of his many pockets.

The Keymaster seemed to be slightly irritated with how long the conversation was taking. “Hey, remember what we came here for? Yeah, me too.” He commented sarcastically.
The storyteller glanced back at The Keymaster coldly, grilling him with a piercing gaze. “Need I remind you that you are a guest here? I have presented you with the facts, take it or leave it.” He sighed. “Regardless, I do believe you have overstayed your welcome.” Before The Keymaster could even reply, he found himself elsewhere, in an entirely different portion of The Backrooms. The storyteller had clearly banished him from the library, at least for now. He sighed, as he continued searching for answers…

A shadow flickered between the bookshelves, a fleeting glimpse of red and black drifted through the Storyteller’s domain. The Jester watched as Keymaster was thrown from the library, and crouched among a pile of leather bound tomes, his hand idly resting on the hilt of his sheathed knife. With the conclusion of the meeting he was bearing witness to, he climbed nimbly to the floor. The Storyteller, settled in his chair, looked up, suspicious, as a pile of papers a few shelves over was disturbed. The Mail Carrier, turning to leave, could’ve sworn he heard a faint giggle. The phantom of red and black had long since disappeared, and both returned to their previous activities, reassured that nothing was out of the ordinary.