==何为设定？==
伴随着作者们经年累月的不懈创作，我们的维基拥有了浩如烟海的文章页面。尽管如此，<u>'''后室'''</u>，仍自始至终笼罩在谜团之中。于是，当理论数量渐渐增长，推测最终成为了确切的观念。每个人都有着自己对后室的理解。就这样，'''设定'''诞生了。

一般来说，“设定”这一术语意指<u>解释了后室中“[[楼层]]”这一概念的[[Backrooms Wiki:List of Backrooms Canons|相关设定]]</u>。然而，每个流浪者可能都有个人的脑设，部分创作者甚至为它们创建了自己的页面。虽然我们的开放创作欢迎每一位流浪者为社区做出自身贡献，但，当然，我们只接受那些通过我们质量标准的文章。根据页面守则，任何不符合必要标准的页面都将被改进或删除。这里同样遵循这一规定，只有质量够格的设定才能够添加到此页面。
__TOC__
<div class="featurebox" style="color:black;">
==典范设定==
这些设定质量极高，堪称经典，它们正是供有意向创作优秀设定的作者参考的绝佳灵感来源。在诗韵潮流的爆发创造出新的精品前，它们是后室中绝无仅有的，最原初的设定典范。
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>[[Impresario Canon|'''Impresario''']]</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
The Impresario Canon primarily focuses on the Major Explorer Group—it explains the hierarchy of said group, and many Backrooms phenomena. Most of these pages have been written by [[User:Schicksalhaft|Schicksalhaft]], who came up with the idea of the Canon. It also explains the backstory of the M.E.G, featuring tales about how it came to be and the story of those who founded it. </span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Soulverse]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
In this timeline, the M.E.G have grown significantly in size and scope, an act which has also led to their downfall as they struggle to maintain control of their large territory in the face of constant siege by entities and enemy factions. Technological advancements have been few and far between, with exploration teams being between two to ten people at their largest, equipped simple weapons such as fire axes, crowbars, or a firearm if they are lucky. Electrical equipment is highly sought after, with tape recorders, flashlights and other such technology being highly valued among Wanderers.

Outposts exist on most levels to guide wanderers to safer locations and colonies, with an average of fifty personnel stationed per outpost. Outposts also monitor the more unstable levels for any kind of changes and conduct rudimentary studies. Outposts are expected to be semi self-sufficient when it comes to gathering resources and recruiting lost wanderers. Relief personnel and supplies often do not come to the harder to reach levels for months. This can lead to outposts being discovered to be completely destroyed or abandoned when personnel finally arrive. All outposts are linked to a colony in a safe level from which the outposts originally spread out from into other levels or further into the same level.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[:Category:融合之典设定|融合之典]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style="color:black">
'''融合之典'''的核心故事在于承诺权力和救赎的王座之冠。阿尔法与欧米茄的故事传遍了整个后室，引起了一场探寻真相的宏大探索。从无穷的阈限空间，到地狱之深渊，甚至是万物之外的虚空，都可能作为那些因子之一随神话流传。</span>
</div>
</div>
==标准设定==
以下的设定或许称不上经典，但仍然值得社区了解。注意，此处收录的设定不一定完整，并且可能会在恰当的时候进行改进。

在达到质量标准的前提下，任何人都可以将他们的设定列于下表之中。

<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Mater Lunae Canon]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
This is a hub for pages making up the canon of Mater Lunae or Mother Moon, an adorated deity by many people, like Christianity or Islam.
Mater Lunae or Mother Moon, is the adorned goddess of The Moon. She appears to be a young woman in her 20s with white clothing and a tiara with the moon embedded upon it. She is a powerful entity capable of bending reality itself, but only on her residence. She comes to Chenkostea every fifteen days to check on the people; this may sometimes take longer due to otherworldly affairs. As is the Federative Republic of Capicamarca, Mother Moon is aware of the existence of the Backrooms.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Empyreanverse]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
The basis for this narrative is the existence of the entities known as the Children of the Empyrean Sea, and its most powerful member, the Exalted One, divinities born from the primordial chaos outside the known cosmos. The Exalted One, in particular, is crucial -- its exploits eventually leading to the creation of the Backrooms in its entirety... or is that the real story? This canon, aside from any content which directly conflicts with the narrative of the verse, follows the Backrooms Unrestricted Canon, where every single level, tale, or entity is fair game -- aside from joke pages, of course. This is a high-quality canon, meaning that all entries must pass a certain level of quality(Almost no SPaG errors, unique concept, good formatting, compelling writing, etc.).</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[The Hellfields]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
The Hellfields are a group of levels/entities that have a very chaotic nature. These levels are the embodiment of hell itself or have properties that give off that type of vibe. As for entities, they don't need to be hell, they just need to be crazy enough in ordered to be considered hell. No matter how you put it, hell will always burn down your spine, even when you didn't want to in the first place. It is very unpredictable of where you go. These spaces can pop up at any moment without your knowledge. One second, you could be at [[Level 0|The Very Beginning]], the next you could be transported to an [[Level -177|Epileptic Hellscape]], or die from something [[Carbonations|you never saw]]. </span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Normalverse]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
February 2nd 2007, a mysterious substance arose to the surface called "The Void", humans panicked and were absorbed and it continued to rise, no matter how much terrestrial life was in this universe, no matter how much they tried, it kept absorbing. Soon, it shall absorb space and time itself, but a powerful being wanted to create a horrifying, death trap, so it found the Backrooms, a hellish dimension created by pure evil as some sort of endless chamber. Humans who get here always die, as if they escape, they will get absorbed, but if they don't, they will lose their sanity and die anyway. It found out that the Backrooms had lots of safe places, so it added new, terrifying, unexplained places, called The Boundaries. No people remember The Void absorbing them, as people who enter the Backrooms will get this memory lost.

The Normalverse is the label for Normal's canon for the Backrooms. The Normalverse is a more intense canon of the Backrooms than most canons, as it features intensity, torture, and omnipotent characters as well.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[The Omni Canon]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
The Backrooms used to be a great land known as Magnae Terrae. This Canon focuses the Backrooms having a much deeper meaning, and what happens to various Levels.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Let There Be Dark]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
In the past, before the Major Explorer Group was what it is now before all these groups, colonies, and outposts were formed before many entities we know today were formed, The Backrooms were just labyrinths with no exits, few entities, and almost desolate. The Backrooms were in a primary stage, so to speak, or to say that they were still forming.
This canon focuses on how The Backrooms was transformed into what it is today, how many entities were created, how all these groups were born, trying to keep the mystery.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
==='''[[The Wanderer Files]]'''===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
Hello, wanderer. 

Behold the human experience.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Submit To Insanity]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
''At the end of your mind, what else can remain?''
<br>...Be careful with this one. Seriously.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Liminality]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
After noclipping into the Backrooms, Masiu gangs up with Purple, Koko, Kookie, and Sou Joung to survive and maybe even escape the odd reality. As they meet allies and foes alike, everyone within Masiu's group learn about each other and bond, while he goes through the 5 stages of grief as well. Meanwhile, a powerful and evil force lurks within the Backrooms, something much more dangerous than your common Backroom entity...</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Tamaverse]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
There was no beat, no melody. Only a collection of old stories.</span>
</div>
</div>
==驰名设定==
这些设定在某种程度上可能并不“恰当”，但它们亦是对后室的独特诠释。These, while not being "proper" canons, are still unique interpretations of the backrooms. 
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[考尔论文]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
有理论认为，后室是一种虚假的脑内幻象：一种因对它的确信而产生的想法。由于人们对这一概念越来越深信不疑，后室最终成为了现实。除此之外，这个概念最终会产生出一种观点——后室早就已经存在。也就是说，后室最终创造了一个''它一直存在''的悖论。</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[The Behavioral Suite]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
Humans are interesting anomalies. The human experience is characterized by what each human being experiences on a mental, emotional, spiritual, physical, and social level. This experience shapes your perception of reality. The three aspects of the human experience that will be explored in this 'canon' are following:

# The strong desire to explore the unknown and unfamiliar.
# To question one's place in reality.
# Survival.

Human exploration is often a rewarding experience as it helps you grow and develop as people, enrich your lives, expose you to new people and ideas, etc. Humans questioning their place, in reality, gave birth to religion, psychology, philosophy, science, etc., to help you understand what it means to be human and understand the world around you. The human will to survive and adapt is the reason humans as a species have flourished and evolved to populate almost every corner of '''[[The Frontrooms]]'''.

Human discovery of '''[[The Backrooms]]''' has not been so forgiven.</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[阈限宇宙学]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
该设定是一个不同故事的合集，时间范围从全宇宙开始之前，一直到万物不可避免地衰退到它所来自的虚无之中。这个设定的特点是对后室有着更具敌意和悲观的解读，更注重后室的超现实和心理恐怖元素。</span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[Black Hole Canon]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
This canon is an entity-centric canon, mostly focusing on the conflict between the [[Black Hole Cellist]] and the M.E.G. </span>
</div>
</div>
<div class="featurebox">
=== <big>'''[[:Category:Liminalists canon|Liminalists]]'''</big> ===
<div class="featureflavor"><span style:"color:black">
This canon focuses on a seperate set of liminal spaces separate from the backrooms, where the M.E.G has not set foot, and the area is only documented by a group of people on a forum called "The Liminalists".</span>
</div>
</div><span style:"color:black">
新的设定将继续被添加。请协助更新此页面。</span>
</div>
__NOEDITSECTION__
{{DISPLAYTITLE:用户设定列表}}
