{{DISPLAYTITLE:Level 115, The Day Hell Broke Loose}}
{{M.E.G Notice}}
{{Login|body=
{{Class Deadzone}}

'''Level 115 is the 116th level of the backrooms.'''

==Desciption==
'''Level 115''' takes the apperance of a world that constantly is collapsing in on itself. Gravity is where ever you stand, meaning you could be at a 20 degree angle and feel like you standing straight up. The entire level is on the shape of a round ring. This level is approximently 10 pi miles in circumfrence and 10 miles in diameter. The ring itself is around 0.6 miles thick on all sides so you can see the lake from where you spawn and the void is on the other side. The sky is red and its constantly raining liquid pain, [[Skin-Stealers]] blood, and [[hound]] blood. The entire level is on the shape of a round ring. This ring has a '''VERY UNSTABLE''' town with glitched out houses and the houses will actively make static noises and parts will glitch. There are signs in front of the houses written in blood from The Red Lake that can read something along the lines of: 'Get out!' or 'Stay away'. One report states that going inside of one of these houses will slowly glitch you out and give you holes throughout your body. If you get holes in your body you will start walking circles and muttering to yourself, "I will have a fun time in hell," and by this point you will have lost all consciousness and you will die. It is highly unrecomended that you go into a house or structure.

At the location you spawn, you will find a sign (Presummably written in the blood of someone that was damned into this level) that says, '''"LEAVE MY HOUSE NOW, IF YOU DON'T LEAVE IN TEN MINUTES, ''I'' WILL MAKE YOU SUFFER MORE THAN YOU WILL EVER."''' This sign is written by an entity called 'The Blood Runs Red' or 'The Kraken of the Red Lake'. This sign will be appear in whatever your first language is. If you don't leave in ten minutes '''''IT''''' will come and put you through various painful torture techniques.

===The Deep Blood Forest===

If you walk to the south of where you spawn you will find a withered forest with burned trees and debris you would find in a battle field along with numerous corpses scattered around. If you find a puddle and peer into it, hands similar to those that come out of '''The Red Lake''' or they are [[Entity 142]]. The trees are gnarled and seem to cry blood and liquid pain through their bark. 


==The Red Lake==
{{M.E.G Notice|notice='''''Do not''''' get within 0.2 miles of the lake.|Reason=You will get dragged in by the arm of the damned and you wil die.}}

'''The Red Lake or the Lake of the Damned''' is a red lake that gives of a soft glowing mist. The lake in located inside the ring of the level. If you choose to go 0.2 miles near it, you will hearing wails and screams and the sounds of limbs being chopped off. 0.1 miles and you will see [[Insanity]]-like entities near the banks lumbering towards you. If you dodge the zombies and get to the lake, black emaciated hands will drag you in. No more information about what happens next can be provided. 

The lake itself contains the blood of the damned and the 'Kracken'. Occasionally you can see mounds of flesh popping out of the lake. These can have large eyes, arms, legs, hands, or feet. If it has an eye, that means that it controls the insanities that patrol the lakeshore. If it is active, the eye will glow yellow or red, the color signifies the danger level of that area.

==Logs==

<div style="background-color: #FAFAD2; color: black; margin:1em; padding:5px 10px; border:2px dotted #000000; border-radius: 3px">

'''<Explorer W77>''' N-n-n-n-... NOOOOO!!!!

'''<Explorer W77>''' Why the HELL did I have to end up here!

'''<Explorer W77>''' Ummm... 

'''<Explorer W77>''' I've read about this... my best bet is suicide but...

'''<Explorer W77>''' Huhhh... I'll just try to no-clip through a hand in the lake...

'''<Explorer W77>''' Note to my employer: I know this is stupid but what am I supposed to do... I want to live...

'''<Audio cuts out and in again>'''

'''<Gunshots can be heard>'''

'''<Explorer W77>''' The lake... There it is... 

'''<Explorer W77>''' The hands! AHH SH- They're coming for me!

'''<Explorer W77>''' I HATE HEL-

'''<End Tape>'''

</div>
==Colonies and outposts==

Due to the nature of this level, creating a colony or outpost is impossible

==Entrances and Exits==

===Entrances===

*Climb through a slide made out of flesh on [[Level 849]]

*No-clip through some dead [[Partygoers]] that are lit on fire on any level to get here.

*Whisper any satanic ritual or attempt a satanic ritual to meet the 'Kraken' and you will meet the 'Kraken'

*Eat a dead squid and say "Who's your daddy?" on any level.

===Exits===

*By far the best exit is just to commit suicide. You will wake up in the level you were in previous to coming here.

*Sing "I will die when God chooses me to" when you're in within 0.3 miles of the lakeshore and you will be taken to [[Level 472]]

*No-clip through a hand that comes out of the lake to be sent to [[Level 1243]]

*Jump through a hole in The Deep Blood Forest to be teleported to [[Level -11.11]]
}}
[[Category:Levels]]
[[Category:Unrestricted Levels]]
