Level 116 is an unconfirmed level in the Backrooms. Purportedly it is accessed by traversing the deep seas of [[Level 7]] for an unknown amount of time, however the person who reported seeing this level said that you'll have to travel for at least 1 day underwater (usually it takes 3 or 4 days), how he did this is unclear but we can assume he got a Submarine. Level 116 is also probably just as dangerous as Level 7, according to the explorer that went there. The Water on this level has extremely mysterious properties.

== Environment & Appearance ==
On Level 116, the water is breathable and the pressure is that of a normal swimming pool. Level 116 also has moderate temperatures, you won't have to worry about hunger also, since taking in some water on this level will replenish your thirst and hunger. It is unclear how deep Level 116 is, but however it definitely has a depth. It is also unclear where this leads to. Level 116 is also illuminated by Lightfish, which are generally harmless and help you see almost the entire level with no problems. Electronics also work in this level unusually, but WiFi is inaccessible.

== Entities ==
Exclusive Entities are found on this level, one of the most common being Death Piranhas which are provoked by blood. They look like Prehistoric Piranhas but however their teeth are slightly sharper and they bite 2 times faster. They also hunt in packs. Otherwise they are non-hostile. Another Entity found on this level is the Killer Pufferfish they aren't deadly BUT they can leave cuts which draw Death Piranhas. Killer Pufferfish are extremely aggressive, even willing to kamikaze into unsuspecting travellers.

Entities from Level 7, like [[The Thing On Level 7]] cannot get here. It is unknown why. However this doesn't make the level any less dangerous. Some people would even say that this level is even more dangerous than Level 7 because of the amount of Entities on Level 116, where as on Level 7 there is only one Entity.

== Videos (warning: graphic content) ==
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJuI-wTSdoU <- footage of Death Piranhas eating a person (warning: ultra disturbing even I wouldn't watch it lmao)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITN9541Gd8Y <- footage of Death Piranhas if they were at a swimming pool

== Entering Level 116 ==
To enter this level, you'll have to somehow get deep below the seas of [[Level 7]]. Once you stop seeing walls then you would've most likely reached Level 116. Other changes include a massive change in pressure, as Level 116 has lower pressure. The only real way to enter Level 116 would be a Submarine.

There is also a chance of teleporting from [[Level 761]] to here, although the number of odds is not confirmed yet, it is assumed it is low.

<br />

== Leaving Level 116 ==
The only way to leave would be to get back to [[Level 7]] by swimming up there. Otherwise you could go down and try to traverse your way into uncharted lands.{{Levels}}
[[Category:Cluster I]]




[[Category:Levels]]





[[Category:Levels]]
[[Category:Unrestricted Levels]]
[[Category:Unrestricted Levels]]
[[Category:Aquatic]]
