'''Level 156''' is the 157th level of the Backrooms.

{{Class 3|entity=Mild Entity Count}}

==Description==
Level 156 is a level composed of greenish clouds and heavy yellow smoke.   

When you spawn in this level you will fall for 400 miles to a greenish cloud, it will break your fall. People who have escaped this level describe it as a trying to see through honey. While on these clouds gravity is normal, however if you go of your cloud you'll fall upwards causing instant mild headaches. This level only contains 3 (?) clouds, the rest appear in a sort of skybox. There appears to be a shop on one of these clouds, with is owned by "The head of office" . The shop uses a currency called "Bilsho Munt'e" with can be found in level 625, or can be traded in an ATM on level 157 for bad memories or "bad" behavior, the reason they buy these is unknown (This does effect some sins in Level 999, however this is not confirmed as of today). The area between these clouds are pratroled by wretched in boxes, and "karen's / bob's".

===== The shop =====
The shop is made out of an unknown material, with changes how it looks for every person.In this shop you can find 3 sectores : #1 = Front centre #2 = Headquarters and ATM #3 = Back Centre and Checkout

In the Front centre you can find basiclly any item from the Front rooms including animals, however they cost a pretty penny (20 Bm per 1kg) and animals are bought in packs, and range in value  dependend on how deadly or cute the animal is. Equipment costs depending on how advanced it is. Ranging from cave man (1 Bm) to "futuristic" (30 Bm) per piece.

Headquarters contain the head of office next to the ATM, he gives advice on with things are worth it the most at the moment.

Back Centre is the most intresting, entering it makes you weightless. In this centre you can find basiclly anything in the backrooms including "room keys" with when used on yourself, will transport you to that level. The cost of almond  water costs around 3 - 6 Bm.

===== Unique items for sale =====
1 use key to any level : 10 bm

a "workers premium card" will cost you 100 bm with when used with a key, will make it reusible.

===== Value of Bm (Bilsho Munt'e) =====
around 1 prank is 0.2 bm / 1 fight is 0.6 bm / one cringe moment is 1 bm / one bad memory is 2 bm / and one horrible memory = 5 bm.

== Entities ==
The entities include

* Wretcher's in boxes. They float in boxes between the clouds
* Bob's and Karen's with are unique to this level. These appear like a blond slightly overweight woman or male, and are highly aggressive between the clouds.
* The head of office who is unique to this level, is a shapeshifter who takes the form of a blond boss like human, and is generally friendly, unless you attack on of his "workers" he will snap your neck and send you back to level 625.

<br />
==Colonies and Outposts==
===The Workers Union.===

* This group contains 7 - 13 wanderers
* This group has been adopted by the head of office, and work as cashiers for 4 bm per hour.

==Entrances and Exits==
===Entrances===
*Picking up 12 Bm in level 625
*Being alone for 15 minutes and shouting "I just wanted to shop!" in level 0 and or 1
*Peel away a part of the wall enough to be able to fall through the box in [[level 769]]
===Exits===
*Getting you neck snapped by the head of office will send you to 625
*using a key on yourself will send you to the level on the key itself.
*{{Redirect|Prev=155|Next=157}}
[[Category:Levels]]
[[Category:Unrestricted Levels]]
[[Category:Cluster I]]
